# Week of 2/15/2021 - 2/21/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/2/19/3:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/2/19/4:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Bryce, Jacob, Corbin, Zach, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Justin

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed how our iteration 3 presentation went and what we could do better.
- We talked about signing up for the symposium and who would be the primary presenter.
- We discussed more about how we were going to implement firebase.
- We discussed some modularity issues in our code.

## Things Clarified
- We clarified that when we would be meeting with Josh again.
- We clarified how everyone was doing so far on this iteration. 
- We clarified what everyone was working on to implement clean code and better modularity.
