# Week of 3/8/2021 - 3/14/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/11/4:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/11/6:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Bryce, Jacob, Corbin, Zach, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed and met with Josh briefly at the beginning to discuss what we are planning on working on for the last iteration. 
- We discussed what everyone is working on for this week. (Bryce- Annotator page and Lineups, Zach- Game Review Page, Justin- Player eff. page, Corbin- Roster page, Jacob- Vidoe.js)
- We discussed and working on the project for a little while and ask each other questions if we had any.
- We discussed with Josh about creating a Figma page on ho he wants the upload page to look.  
- We discussed setting up a meeting with Ergin for the database stuff.   

## Things Clarified
- We clarfied what everyone's task is for the week. 
- We clarified that we are meeting with Ergin on Monday at 5:15
- We clarified that we will be meeting with Josh next Thursday around 4.   
