# Week of 3/1/2021 - 3/7/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/2/3:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/2/7:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Bryce, Jacob, Corbin, Zach, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed and showed what everyone is working on. (Zach- Splash Page and adding more test, Bryce- Firebase & Substitutions, Corbin- Roster Page, Jacob- Play-by-play, and Justin- Stats Center and Firebase)
- We discussed that Josh said to not worry about shot charts and to focus on this other stuff for the time we have left. 
- We discussed our hopes on where we are at after the end of the iteration.
- We discussed that we need to change the color and logos out by the end of the iteration to what Josh wants it to look like.  
- We worked on the project and asked each other questions if we had any.   

## Things Clarified
- We clarified that Josh doesn't want us to worry about shot charts and that we need to focus in on other features that he feels that are most important.
- We clarified that we need to set up a time this weekend to meet with our client and mentor to show them iteration 4 and have them use the software. 
- We clarified that we are going to meet Wednesday, Thursday, and probably Friday to work on the project.  
