# Week of 3/22/2021 - 3/28/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/24/4:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/24/7:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Bryce, Jacob, Corbin, Zach, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed how everyone's task are going and if we add any questions. 
- We discussed and merged some of the branches on Github because some of the components were needed to finish some of the stats table. 
- Most of the time we spent working on the project individually and asked questions when we had any. 
- We discussed that we are planning on meeting with Josh on Thursday @ 4:15.
- We briefly discussed how the last two weeks are going to look like and what we want to accomplish. 

## Things Clarified
- We clarified that we have a meeting with Josh at 4:15 tommorrow
- We clarified that we are having our mentor meeting with Keith on Friday at 6 
- We clarified briefly what our plans are before the last iteration is due
