# Meeting for 3/4/21 

## Meeting Start Time

2021/3/4/4:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/3/4/6:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Bryce, Jacob, Corbin, Zach, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed where everyone is on what they have been working on. 
- We merged a few branches that were done to the main branch.
- We worked on the Play-by-play feature and the roster page.
- We discussed testing and what should be tested in the UI. 
- We completed the 5th iteration features assignment.  

## Things Clarified
- We clarified that we will be meeting tommorrow to finish things up and turn the software in and updating documentation documents. 
- We clarified and sent a message to our mentor to schedule a meeting over the weekend.
- We clarified what we want to add and finish up during iteration 5. 
- We clarified that we need to figure out the best time for everyone to sign up for the presentation.  
