# Client Meeting on 11/24/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/24/5:45

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/24/6:50

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Josh, Zach, Jacob, Bryce, Corbin, Justin

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed

- We discussed what video hosting API he was wanting to use after doing some research. He said he would like to still use YouTube, but the quota might be an issue, so we 
talked about other options. Wants us to look to see if there is anyway to use Google Drive and then an employee would upload to YouTube. 
- We discussed the first iteration documentation. We showed him where the documentation is on GitHub and went through each one. 
- We showed him what our software looked like after iteration 1. He said it looks great so far and he his happy to see his dream coming to life with progress on the website. 
- We discussed with him what we were planning on doing for iteration 2 and what features we thought we would work on during the iteration. He agreed on what we said that we should work 
on during the next iteration. (Database or Video Hosting)
- We talked about how to replicate the website using Docker. He is going to download git and docker and try to follow the development documentation, but if he can't get it, then 
we said that one of us could help him and walk through to get the website running on his computer. 

## Things Clarified
- We clarified the next meeting will be next week, but he doesn't know when yet. He will let us know when he is available.
- We clarified and started a group chat with Josh for easier communication.
- We are going to do some research to figure out the best way to go about video hosting. 
- We clarified what iteration features we are focusing on for the upcoming iteration. 
