# Mentor Meeting on 11/13/20

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/13/5:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/13/6:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jacob,Zac,Bryce,Keith,,Corbin,Justin

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

We discussed our progress when it comes to iteration 1, what we have for iteration 1. We had some general questions about React and some issues we were having along with the video hosting issue. 

## Things Clarified

The plan we have for next week involves a meeting with the client where keith joins in and we all discuss the issue when it comes to where we are planning on going after we recently
found out about Youtube API issues.
