# Mentor Meeting on 2/28/21

## Meeting Start Time

2021/2/28/3:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/2/28/4:30

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jacob, Zach, Bryce, Corbin, Justin, Keith

## Minute Recorder

Zach

## Topics Discussed

- We showed and discussed how we structured the Firebase database. He thought that it would be fine the way it is. 
- He said that we should make sure we are clear with the client and with Ergin with the next iteration and the last month with the project, so we are all on the same page. 
- We discussed and looked at different shot chart options with Keith, and what his thought was on the easiest way to go about them. 
- He said that we should make sure we focus on the most important features that the client will need/want by the end of the project. 
- We talked about maybe setting up a meeting at the end of the week to demo the project to him and to get his feedback.

## Things Clarified

- We clarified that Firebase is going to be good in deploying the website and make it alot better because it handles the database as well. 
- We clarified kinda our route on shot charts, but not totally.
- We clarified that we will meet with Keith sometime towards the end of the week to demo the website to him. 
- We clarified that we should make sure the triangle between us, Ergin, and Josh are all on the same page and understand what is going on so there aren't any surprises at the end 
of the project. 
